chore(translations): replace Developers Center term (#17)
wix/cli-app-templates: README.md

Wix also offers templates for developers using other development frameworks:

* [Wix Blocks](https://dev.wix.com/apps-templates?filter=blocks): Build a native-style Wix app in a responsive drag-and-drop editor and incorporate sophisticated functionality with Velo.

> * [Self-hosted](https://dev.wix.com/apps-templates?filter=self-hosted): Develop and host an app on any platform, and integrate with Wix using app dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Self-hosted](https://dev.wix.com/apps-templates?filter=self-hosted): Develop and host an app on any platform, and integrate with Wix in your [app dashboard](https://dev.wix.com/apps/my-apps).
```
